# Penrose Work Notes - Summer 2018

This document contains Nimo's progress reports of Penrose project in Summer 2018.

## TOC

## TODOs

- Pending:
    - [ ] label language design
    - [ ] Dynamic parsing: read https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DPpAvBKGnr96MyohJAj2M40zrppjPV7sbd25Nz-qfkg/edit
    - [ ] organize JS file
    - [ ] Deprecate gloss
    - [ ] Latex labeling support
- Today:
    - [ ] Reply to the project idea email
    - [ ] Read and comment on RA spec
    - [ ] Read up on Dor's DSLL + Core Substance work
    - [ ] Read Issue #75
    - [ ] Set up Travis CI
    - [ ] Open GitHub issue about structural editor

## Weekly Notes

### Week 1: Ramp-up and RA domain

- Resources
    - RA spec: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1I1KlD4fHZoOUYxg9PFmhTpLe_LoIob30ArWW7KfMORw/edit
- Questions about DSLL + Core lang:
    - What is `Map2`? How is it different from `Map`??

---

## Work Log

- [180531]
- [180530]
    - [x] Fix firefox issue
    - [x] Meetings: GC, Jonathan, Katherine
